Feature docs example notebooks (#534)
calliope-project/calliope: docs/examples/1_national_scale/index.md

Note that we did not define any `sink` option in the definition of the `demand_power` technology.
Instead, this is done directly via a node-specific override.
For this node, the file `demand-1.csv` is loaded and the column `demand` is taken (the text after the colon).
If no column is specified, Calliope will assume that the column name matches the location name `region1`.
* Coordinates are defined by latitude and longitude,
which will be used to calculate distance of transmission lines (unless we specify otherwise later on).
They can also be used for geospatial visualisations.

The remaining nodes look similar:

```yaml
--8<-- "src/calliope/example_models/national_scale/model_config/locations.yaml:other-locs"
```

`region2` is very similar to `region1`, except that it does not include the `ccgt` technology.
The three `region1-` locations are defined together using the node group `csp_regions`, except for their geospatial coordinates.
They allow only the `csp` technology, this allows us to model three possible sites for CSP plants.

```yaml
--8<-- "src/calliope/example_models/national_scale/model_config/locations.yaml:node-groups"
```

---

> To try loading and solving the model yourself, see the accompanying notebook [here][running-the-national-scale-example-model]

Reviewer: The fact that there is a part 2 is a bit hidden, make it stand out more?

```suggestion
!!! info "Where to go next"
    To try loading and solving the model yourself, move on to the accompanying notebook [here][running-the-national-scale-example-model].
```
